what's up guys this is hunter starcraft
today I'm making this video not to do a
commentary but to bring you important
starcraft news all the same i saw this
posted up on reddit this morning when I
got up and it is pretty dramatic the
patch that Blizzard has announced it's
gonna be out in a couple of weeks i'm
sure i just want to go over some of the
patch changes and kind of provide the
community with somewhere you know to
discuss it on youtube i don't think
there really is anywhere yet so for
those of you who don't necessarily
regular all these forums and stuff when
you talk about it in the comments below
i want to go over really the balance
changes and maybe a couple other things
there's a lot of information on this
particular post so i was going to go
over what's vital there are going to be
chat channels now which is pretty cool i
checked out those chat channels yeah if
they seem pretty nice a lot of people
were kind of pissed off when the retail
was released with no chat channels on
battle net which is kind of unlike all
other Blizzard games so those will be
included very nice you'll also be able
to rename your character I think which
is pretty cool stalemate detection I
really like because you'd actually be
surprised how often stalemates occur
quite a bit so now if there's no income
production or destroyed structures for
three consecutive minutes it looks like
the server will detect a stalemate and
yeah so there's not going to be any
awkward like hour and a half long games
discussing no you leave you GG u GG so
yeah that's pretty cool i like that two
new graphics options interface changes
it's going to be a new master league
above the Diamond League know where I'll
be spending all my time of course jokes
jokes now to the really the meat of this
post we've got the balance changes this
is what has such a huge impact of the
game affects everything from you know
the ladder and the metagame and the
tournament's just this is really what's
what's huge so I'm gonna go over these
real quick hallucination decrease in
build time so that is going to be a buff
down to 80 seconds I don't think anyone
can have a problem with this
hallucination is definitely an underused
spell the observer is cheaper now half
the minerals and 25 less gas so it's new
costs 25 75 I don't really have any
problems with
not wonder what you guys think about it
the Phoenix this is a pretty big deal
that's a pretty significant decrease in
build time which I don't know how
necessary it was just because Phoenix is
or Phoenix aren't necessarily a really
underused unit and this buff could be
pretty dramatic FOID raise now do more
damage to massive targets so of course
Colossus Thor ultralisks I think that's
you know not an unreasonable change void
rays were you know kind of nerfed in the
last patch so yeah I don't I'm prom with
that flux veins that upgrade has been
removed good nobody uses flux veins
anyway this bunker the buff for terran
this has actually been introduced in
previous patches as well they decrease
the build time from 35 to 30 but in the
previous patches it was re up to 35 once
again and as it says here this is only
gonna be temporary so yeah I think it's
going to experiment with that a little
bit i'm not sure if that's going to be
permanent SCV's now the same threat
priority as the unit they're repairing I
don't think that's a huge deal
construction movement more consistent
with STV that's pretty reasonable I
guess it's going to be a little easier
to pick off at CVS building buildings of
course now the big dramatic post and the
uproar in the starcraft community the
infestors very popular ability fungal
growth is no longer going to affect air
units this is certainly the most
significant change in this particular
patch well with respect to balance it's
going to make I mean just to say a
couple of things I mean Phoenix for
example are gonna be a lot harder to
deal with because if you've got Mutis in
the air you can't fungal growth the
Phoenix so that your mutis can get that
splash damage it's going to make Phoenix
really hard to deal with zerg you know
would have to go kind of mass air verse
them drops as well it's going to be
harder to pick off medevacs as they can
just lift off and escape you can ensnare
the medevac so that's just a couple
examples of many about how this is
really going to affect the game so it's
a pretty big deal I'm really interested
to hear what you guys have to say about
this particular patch and these balance
changes they are you know pretty
dramatic and I
want to get some feedback in some
discussion going in the comments below
so let me know what you guys think I
think that's all for today i'll post a
link to this as well in the description
so you can check out everything that
this post has but yeah other than that I
think that's all and this is hunter
starcraft signing out